s__Acinetobacter baumannii
s__Aliivibrio fischeri
s__Apilactobacillus kunkeei
s__Bacillus_A anthracis
s__Bacillus subtilis
s__Bacteroides fragilis
s__Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
s__Bacteroides xylanisolvens
s__Burkholderia mallei
s__Caulobacter vibrioides
s__Clostridioides difficile
s__Nitratidesulfovibrio vulgaris
s__Enterococcus faecalis
s__Escherichia coli
s__Eubacterium limosum
s__Klebsiella pneumoniae
s__Mycobacterium tuberculosis
s__Mycobacterium smegmatis
s__Neisseria gonorrhoeae
s__Piscirickettsia salmonis
s__Pseudomonas_E chlororaphis
s__Pseudomonas_E fluorescens
s__Salmonella enterica
s__Sinorhizobium meliloti
s__Staphylococcus epidermidis
s__Streptococcus sanguinis_H
s__Streptomyces anthocyanicus
s__Synechococcus elongatus
s__Synechocystis sp000284455
s__Xanthomonas_A albilineans
s__Xanthomonas oryzae